DOCUMENTATION.md, before:

# CONSTANTS
    * gameGrid[GRID_HEIGHT][GRID_WIDTH]
        - gameGrid[GRID_HEIGHT][GRID_WIDTH] is a 2D array used to store necessary game data like mines and tile values not yet revealed to the player.
        - when using functions to initialize the grid, all edits should be made to gameGrid()
    * playerGrid[GRID_HEIGHT][GRID_WIDTH]
    * CHARMAP
        - CHARMAP is an array of characters which is used to map tile types to characters for printGrid().
# FUNCTIONS
    * printGrid(grid) 
        - printGrid(grid) takes in playerGrid[GRID_HEIGHT][GRID_WIDTH] as an input and prints it out in the terminal with corresponding borders and coordinate labels.
        - printGrid(grid) refers to CHARMAP for what characters to use for each tile type.

    * int addMines(grid)
        - addMines(grid) takes in gameGrid[GRID_HEIGHT][GRID_WIDTH] as an input and edits the grid directly to have a set number of mines.
        * RETURN VALUES
            - a return value of 0 means that NO problems were encountered.
            - a return value of 1 means that an ERROR has occured .

    * void formatGrid(grid)
        - formatGrid(grid) takes in gameGrid[GRID_HEIGHT][GRID_WIDTH] as an input and edits the grid cells directly to have the appropriate values.

# Error Codes
    1 - NUM_MINES is set to a value greater than the number of tiles in the grid.

Commit message:

Forgot to add a meaning for a return value of 0

DOCUMENTATION.md, after:

# CONSTANTS
    * gameGrid[GRID_HEIGHT][GRID_WIDTH]
        - gameGrid[GRID_HEIGHT][GRID_WIDTH] is a 2D array used to store necessary game data like mines and tile values not yet revealed to the player.
        - when using functions to initialize the grid, all edits should be made to gameGrid()
    * playerGrid[GRID_HEIGHT][GRID_WIDTH]
    * CHARMAP
        - CHARMAP is an array of characters which is used to map tile types to characters for printGrid().
# FUNCTIONS
    * printGrid(grid) 
        - printGrid(grid) takes in playerGrid[GRID_HEIGHT][GRID_WIDTH] as an input and prints it out in the terminal with corresponding borders and coordinate labels.
        - printGrid(grid) refers to CHARMAP for what characters to use for each tile type.

    * int addMines(grid)
        - addMines(grid) takes in gameGrid[GRID_HEIGHT][GRID_WIDTH] as an input and edits the grid directly to have a set number of mines.
        * RETURN VALUES
            - a return value of 0 means that NO problems were encountered.
            - a return value of 1 means that an ERROR has occured .

    * void formatGrid(grid)
        - formatGrid(grid) takes in gameGrid[GRID_HEIGHT][GRID_WIDTH] as an input and edits the grid cells directly to have the appropriate values.

# Error Codes/Return values
    - An Error code is a number that corresponds to a specific error.
    0 - No errors occurred 
    1 - NUM_MINES is set to a value greater than the number of tiles in the grid.
